improve the language on the Build an IoT App with Go page (#58)
scylladb/care-pet: docs/build-with-go.md

Build an IoT App with Go
------------------------

### Introduction

In this section, we will walk you through the CarePet commands and explain the code behind them.

As explained in [Getting Started with CarePet](/getting_started), the project is structured as follows:
- Migrate (/cmd/migrate) - Creates the CarePet keyspace and tables.

> - Collar (/cmd/sensor) - Simulates a pet's collar by generating the health data of the pet and pushes the data into the storage.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Collar (/cmd/sensor) - Simulates a pet's collar by generating the pet's health data and pushing the data into the storage.
```

> - Collar (/cmd/sensor) - Simulates a pet's collar by generating the health data of the pet and pushes the data into the storage.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Collar (/cmd/sensor) - Simulates a pet's collar by generating the pet's health data and pushing the data into the storage.
```
